now King Zedekiah the son of Josiah
now King Zedekiah the son of Josiah rained instead of Kanaya the son of
rained instead of Kanaya the son of
rained instead of Kanaya the son of Jehovah kanessa king of Babylon made
Jehovah kanessa king of Babylon made
Jehovah kanessa king of Babylon made King in the land of Judah but neither he
King in the land of Judah but neither he
King in the land of Judah but neither he nor his servants nor the people of the
nor his servants nor the people of the
nor his servants nor the people of the land gave heed to the words of the Lord
land gave heed to the words of the Lord
land gave heed to the words of the Lord which he spoke by the Prophet Jeremiah
which he spoke by the Prophet Jeremiah
which he spoke by the Prophet Jeremiah and tzedakah the king sent chief Yuko
and tzedakah the king sent chief Yuko
and tzedakah the king sent chief Yuko the son of shell Amaya and Zephaniah the
the son of shell Amaya and Zephaniah the
the son of shell Amaya and Zephaniah the son of mayor seer the priest to the
son of mayor seer the priest to the
son of mayor seer the priest to the Prophet Jeremiah pray now to the Lord
Prophet Jeremiah pray now to the Lord
Prophet Jeremiah pray now to the Lord our God for us our Jeremiah was coming
our God for us our Jeremiah was coming
our God for us our Jeremiah was coming and going among the people for they had
and going among the people for they had
and going among the people for they had not yet put him in prison then Pharaoh's
not yet put him in prison then Pharaoh's
not yet put him in prison then Pharaoh's army came up from Egypt and when the
army came up from Egypt and when the
army came up from Egypt and when the Chaldeans who were besieging Jerusalem
Chaldeans who were besieging Jerusalem
Chaldeans who were besieging Jerusalem heard news of them they departed from
heard news of them they departed from
heard news of them they departed from Jerusalem when the word of the Lord came
Jerusalem when the word of the Lord came
Jerusalem when the word of the Lord came to the Prophet Jeremiah thus says the
to the Prophet Jeremiah thus says the
to the Prophet Jeremiah thus says the Lord the God of Israel thus you shall
Lord the God of Israel thus you shall
Lord the God of Israel thus you shall say to the king of Judah who sent you to
say to the king of Judah who sent you to
say to the king of Judah who sent you to me to inquire of me behold Pharaoh's
me to inquire of me behold Pharaoh's
me to inquire of me behold Pharaoh's army which has come up to help you will
army which has come up to help you will
army which has come up to help you will return to Egypt to their own land and
return to Egypt to their own land and
return to Egypt to their own land and the Chaldeans shall come back and fight
the Chaldeans shall come back and fight
the Chaldeans shall come back and fight against this city and take it and burn
against this city and take it and burn
against this city and take it and burn it with fire thus says the Lord do not
it with fire thus says the Lord do not
it with fire thus says the Lord do not deceive yourself saying the Chaldeans
deceive yourself saying the Chaldeans
deceive yourself saying the Chaldeans will surely depart from us for they will
will surely depart from us for they will
will surely depart from us for they will not depart for though you had defeated
not depart for though you had defeated
not depart for though you had defeated the whole army of the Chaldeans who
the whole army of the Chaldeans who
the whole army of the Chaldeans who fight against you and there remained
fight against you and there remained
fight against you and there remained only wounded men among them they would
only wounded men among them they would
only wounded men among them they would rise up every man in his tent and burn
rise up every man in his tent and burn
rise up every man in his tent and burn the city with fire and it happened when
the city with fire and it happened when
the city with fire and it happened when the army of the Chaldeans left the siege
the army of the Chaldeans left the siege
the army of the Chaldeans left the siege of Jerusalem for fear of Pharaohs army
of Jerusalem for fear of Pharaohs army
of Jerusalem for fear of Pharaohs army that Jeremiah went out of Jerusalem to
that Jeremiah went out of Jerusalem to
that Jeremiah went out of Jerusalem to go into the land of Benjamin to claim
go into the land of Benjamin to claim
go into the land of Benjamin to claim his property there among the people and
his property there among the people and
his property there among the people and when he was in the gate of Benjamin a
when he was in the gate of Benjamin a
when he was in the gate of Benjamin a captain of the guard was there whose
captain of the guard was there whose
captain of the guard was there whose name was I Roger the son of Shella Meyer
name was I Roger the son of Shella Meyer
name was I Roger the son of Shella Meyer the son of Hananiah and he sees Jeremiah
the son of Hananiah and he sees Jeremiah
the son of Hananiah and he sees Jeremiah the Prophet
the Prophet
the Prophet you are defecting to the Chaldeans false
you are defecting to the Chaldeans false
you are defecting to the Chaldeans false I am NOT defecting to the Chaldeans but
I am NOT defecting to the Chaldeans but
I am NOT defecting to the Chaldeans but he did not listen to him
he did not listen to him
he did not listen to him so I Roger sees Jeremiah and brought him
so I Roger sees Jeremiah and brought him
so I Roger sees Jeremiah and brought him to the princess therefore the princes
to the princess therefore the princes
to the princess therefore the princes were angry with Jerry and they struggled
were angry with Jerry and they struggled
were angry with Jerry and they struggled and put him in prison in the house of
and put him in prison in the house of
and put him in prison in the house of Jonathan described before they had made
Jonathan described before they had made
Jonathan described before they had made that the prison when Jeremiah entered
that the prison when Jeremiah entered
that the prison when Jeremiah entered the dungeon and the cells and Jeremiah
the dungeon and the cells and Jeremiah
the dungeon and the cells and Jeremiah had remained there many days then
had remained there many days then
had remained there many days then Zedekiah the king sent and took him out
the King asked him secretly in his house
the King asked him secretly in his house is there any word from the Lord there is
is there any word from the Lord there is
is there any word from the Lord there is you shall be delivered into the hand of
you shall be delivered into the hand of
you shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon what offense have I
the king of Babylon what offense have I
the king of Babylon what offense have I committed against you against your
committed against you against your
committed against you against your servants or against this people that you
servants or against this people that you
servants or against this people that you have put me in prison where now are your
have put me in prison where now are your
have put me in prison where now are your prophets who prophesied to you saying
prophets who prophesied to you saying
prophets who prophesied to you saying the king of Babylon will not come
the king of Babylon will not come
the king of Babylon will not come against you or against this land
against you or against this land
against you or against this land therefore please hear now all my lord
therefore please hear now all my lord
therefore please hear now all my lord the king please let my petition be
the king please let my petition be
the king please let my petition be accepted before you and do not make me
accepted before you and do not make me
accepted before you and do not make me return to the house of Jonathan the
return to the house of Jonathan the
return to the house of Jonathan the scribe
scribe
scribe lest I die there then Zedekiah the king
lest I die there then Zedekiah the king
lest I die there then Zedekiah the king commanded that they should commit
commanded that they should commit
commanded that they should commit Jeremiah to the court of the prison and
Jeremiah to the court of the prison and
Jeremiah to the court of the prison and that they should give him daily a piece
that they should give him daily a piece
that they should give him daily a piece of bread from the Baker Street until all
of bread from the Baker Street until all
of bread from the Baker Street until all the bread in the city was gone
the bread in the city was gone
the bread in the city was gone thus jeremiah remained in the court of
thus jeremiah remained in the court of
thus jeremiah remained in the court of the prison